Update documentation (#240)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-F11-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

layout: page
title: User Guide
---
<!-- NTS: end every sentence with a period -->
<div>
    <div>

>         <img src="images/TBMBRAND.png" width="160px">

Reviewer: Is this image in yet?

    </p>
</div>

> ## Table of Contents

Reviewer: Good catch

Format: `client edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [c/COUNTRY_CODE] [tz/TIMEZONE] [ce/CONTRACT_EXPIRY]`

> * COUNTRY follows the ISO3166 Format of two-letter country codes. [Here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_3166_country_codes) is a list of country codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* COUNTRY_CODE is a 2-letter country code that follows the ISO3166 specification. [List](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_3166_country_codes) of country codes.
```

From below, I think this sounds nicer out of the two.
